Update form_basics.md (#24996)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/forms/form_basics.md

<input type="email" id="user_email" name="email" placeholder="you@example.com">
~~~

> `Password inputs` are another specialized text input. They differ from regular text inputs in that they mask the inputted data with asterisks(*) or bullet points (•) to prevent anyone from seeing what has been entered.

Reviewer: Slight tweak:

```suggestion
`Password inputs` are another specialized text input. They differ from regular text inputs in that they mask the inputted data with another character – usually an asterisk (*) or bullet point (•) – to prevent anyone from seeing what has been entered.
```
